Add cron jobs (#934)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/20-usage/20-pipeline-syntax.md

#### `event`

> Default filter steps by event types.
> 
> :::info
> **default is: `push, pull_request, tag, deployment`.**
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
**By default steps are filtered by following event types:**

`push, pull_request, tag, deployment`.
:::
```

> existing types: `push`, `pull_request`, `tag`, `deployment`, `cron`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Available types: `push`, `pull_request`, `tag`, `deployment`, `cron`
```

> Execute a step for all non-pull request events:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute a step for multiple events:
```

```yaml
when:
  - event: [push, tag, deployment]
```

> Execute a step for all build events:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute a step for all pipeline events:
```

```yaml
when:

>   - event: [push, pull_request, tag, deployment]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - event: [push, pull_request, tag, deployment, cron]
```

```

#### `cron`

> This filter only applys to cron events.
> It filters based on cron names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This filter **only** applies to cron events and filters based on the name of a cron job.
```

> Make sure you have "cron" in the event filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to have `event: cron` in the filter as well.
```
